This directory contains all the documentation related to the big-picture design of Songweaver:
* What problems are we trying to solve with Songweaver?
  * Intuitive, cost-effective, resource-efficient generation of songs utilizing multiple parallel generative pathways, any of which can be branched at any point into another parallel set of generative pathways. A user should be able to provide up to 12 different prompts, and we start generating a few seconds of each, allowing users to nix any generations they're not feeling, and keep extending any they are; at any point, they can take any point of any track/extension and trigger a "songburst", where we pause and save any current generations, and extend the track from that new selected point using each of our up-to-12 prompts again
* What kinds of things should the user be able to do with Songweaver? What are the user stories? How do they authenticate? How do they share? How do they organize their library?
* What options are available for GenAI audio engines with ethical sourcing/training, and how do we use one or more of them to power our system?
* User experience design decisions and philosophies: the interface should feel intuitive, modern, fluid, snappy, and engaging. We want a little animation and pizazz, but just enough to engage, not overwhelm or interfere with the core functionality of the product. It's about effective, efficient, and fun music generation above all else, but it's always nice to look like a futuristic hacker-DJ while you're doing it thanks to a well-designed and well-styled user interface!